- [Nana] The real reason I chose
that job was so I could
have the weekends off.
I couldn't have done
that working in a store.
Shoji was so busy with school
and work during the week
that it was hard to spend time
together.
That's why I wanted to make
as much time for him as
possible.
(lively rock music)
(lively rock music continues)
(birds chirping)
- Kyosuke, have you ever
cheated on anyone before?
- Huh?
(noodles splashing)
- You and Sachiko.
- Huh? The defendant must
answer the question as asked!
- You're the one who's acting
guilty, man.
(object clatters)
I've never cheated on
any of my girlfriends.
(table bangs)
- You liar!
You were a total slime ball to
the girls
you messed around with in
high school,
and don't try to deny it!
- You think so, huh?
- Don't play dumb!
(table bangs)
There was that college
girl you met at the club.
Then there was the nurse from
the hospital
after you crashed your
motorcycle.
And let's not forget Tamaru's
sister.
(noodles spatters)
(pan clatters)
- That's a pretty good memory
you got.
I never knew you were so
jealous.
- Anyway, there's no way
a player
with that kind of history
has never cheated!
- Man, you want a partner
in crime real bad.
But that does bring back
memories.
I was in my prime then. I
could get any girl I wanted.
My popularity's been declining
lately.
- But if you could do it,
you would, wouldn't you?
(lighter clicks)
- [Kyosuke] No.
- But why not? Is it 'cause
you're scared of Junko?
I guess you don't want
to get on the bad side
of that ex-gangster, huh?
- I wouldn't cheat 'cause
I'm scared of losing Junko.
May I please have the check?
- [Cook] You bet.
(buttons clicking)
(cash register rings)
(horn honks)
(engine rumbling)
- Oh, I hate her! She
really pisses me off!
It's almost like she
just wants to torture me.
"Miss Komatsu, you can't
even make a cup of tea.
If you find a man willing to
marry you, then God help him."
You can talk, Ms. Sakagami.
Still not married at 38, old
maid!
- [Shoji] Uh-huh.
- What's up with you, Shoji?
You seem kind of down in the
dumps.
- Well, it's just that you seem
to be getting so aggressive.
Is that something you picked
up from your roommate?
- No, I'm really pissed off!
They think they're a big
publisher,
but I just do a bunch of crap.
(Nana gulping)
They treat me like dirt
and then make me stay late.
They even made me work all
weekend
'cause of their stupid proofing
deadlines.
So much for me getting weekends
off.
I hate it. I want to quit.
- So why don't you quit, then?
- It's not that easy. I'm not a
quitter.
- But you just said you hate
the job and you want to leave.
- [Nana] Yeah, I know, but I
can't.
I only just started this
job and if I quit so soon,
it might make it hard for
me to find another one.
Besides, who knows if I'd even
be able to get another one?
And I have to make money so I
can eat.
- [Shoji] Then you just
got to deal with it.
- [Nana] Hmm.
Yeah, well, it's okay for you,
Shoji.
- [Shoji] Huh?
- You've got it made. You got
into the school you wanted.
Your parents help you out with
money.
You can buy yourself a computer.
It seems you always have
enough money to get by, right?
(Nana gulps)
(gentle music)
That was awful of me. Why
did I stay that stuff?
But I can't always be nice
and cute when I'm with Shoji.
(gentle music continues)
If he doesn't invite me back to
his place,
we're not gonna be to make up.
(gentle music continues)
Want to come up?
Nana's at work, so we'll
have the place to ourselves.
- Nah, that's okay.
Don't you have to start
work early tomorrow?
Well, goodnight.
- [Nana] I wish you
wouldn't smile like that,
not when I know you're mad at
me.
How can I apologize if
you won't even talk to me?
- Miss Komatsu, how long does it
take
to sort through some postcards?
You really are slow.
- I'm so sorry, Ms. Sakagami.
- [Ms. Sakagami] God, why
did the editor have to-
- She still pisses me off,
but at least I know
where I stand with her,
which is kind of a nice change.
The publisher I worked
for was on the first floor
of a building filled with
lots of other publishers,
right in the middle of Tokyo.
It was just a small company
producing
entertainment magazines for
the 20-something market.
Since I was the same age as
their readers,
I thought it would be
the perfect place for me,
and I could make some sort
of creative contribution.
But the only things they
let me do were cleaning,
making the coffee, doing
photocopies,
delivering manuscripts, and
all the unimportant stuff.
It had nothing to do with
the actual content of the
magazine.
It was just menial labor.
But it was nonstop and really
hard work.
Aw, my feet are killing me.
I don't think I can stand
wearing heels tomorrow.
(elevator bell rings)
(doors opening)
Excuse me, sir.
- Yes?
- I brought over the
graphics from Mr. Noguchi.
- Oh, good work, Nana. How about
a drink after work tonight?
- No thanks.
The boss was totally lecherous.
- Is there any way we can post-
- [Nana] Most of the
employees were old suits.
- Hey, Nana-bu, some more
coffee?
- [Nana] Even the
younger guys were square.
You could at least comb your
hair, Mr. Honda, 25 years old.
- Miss Komatsu, don't you even
know
how to use a photocopier?
They're all distorted.
- I'm sorry. It won't happen
again.
(train rumbling)
Rush hour trains suck. They're
so crowded.
There's to look forward
to working at this job.
I'm beat.
(train rumbling)
Why didn't they put an
elevator in this joint?
Why?! It's seven stories.
I guess that's why the rent's so
cheap.
At least I'm home.
(door opens)
(Nana yelps)
- Hello, Hachiko!
- Nana, what's going on?
Your smile's blinding me.
- We've got a gig! We've got a
gig!
There was an open slot
for a band on the bill
at the Shimokita, and we got it!
- Huh?
- It's on May the 5th.
We got a 30-minute slot.
(Nana gasps)
(both laughing)
(Shinichi laughs)
- Yay!
- Wipe away those tears,
okay? We're celebrating.
(gentle music)
- Hey, did you hear?
You know how May 5th is
Children's Day?
Well, they're gonna make
these little carp flags
to put on all the kids' meals.
Look, Shoji, aren't they cute?
- [Shoji] Wow. They're so
well-made.
Cool.
(Sachiko chuckles)
- You want one?
- Sure. Thank you.
- You can't have that one.
The manager gave it to me as
a present for my birthday.
- What was that?
When was it your birthday,
and why didn't you tell me?
- I haven't had it yet.
My birthday's actually on
Children's Day.
I don't work that day, so I
wouldn't get to see the flags.
So the manager gave me one to
make up
for the fact that I was gonna
miss out
on all the fun at the restaurant
that day.
- Oh, that's cool.
You know, I get off work early
on the 5th.
Why don't I take you
out for your birthday?
- You'd do that?
- Hmm.
So what would you like,
a big birthday cake?
- Yeah, I love cake.
(cellphone ringing)
- [Both] Huh?
- Shoji, your phone.
- Yeah, sorry.
I forgot to turn it off.
- Aren't you gonna answer it?
- Nah, it's okay.
- [Sachiko] It's your
girlfriend, isn't it?
If you don't answer, it's
gonna seem suspicious.
I'll just give you some privacy.
- No, wait. You stay and I'll go
outside.
(door closes)
Ugh, what's my problem? I'm such
a jerk.
(cellphone beeps)
Hey, Shoji here.
- Hi, Shoji. You're still awake.
You'll never guess what
happened.
Nana's band just booked their
first gig!
- Oh. That sounds really great.
I'm happy for them.
- [Nana] The concerts on
May the 5th at 8:00 p. m.
Can you make it?
- Hmm?
Aw, man.
Sorry, the 5th is kind of, uh...
- What? You can't go?
You got to work?
- Yeah.
- Oh, that sucks.
Can't you get out of it somehow?
- [Shoji] Not really.
It gets so busy on the
holiday, I just can't.
I'm sorry. Maybe next time.
- Okay.
(cellphone beeps)
(wind blowing)
(door opens)
- [Sachiko] Huh?
- [Shoji] Let's spend
Children's Day together.
We'll go throw some beans
around.
- [Sachiko] You do that for
Setsubun, not Children's Day.
(gentle piano music)
(birds chirping)
- All right, what's with the
staring?
It's really bothering me.
- Well, I thought I saw
this really hot woman,
then I realized it was you.
- [Junko] Huh? Are you
trying to seduce me?
'Cause it won't work.
- [Kyosuke] I'm not trying
anything.
I just want to be with you.
- What's gotten into you? Are
you sick?
Did you eat those eggs in the
fridge?
They're way past their sell-by
date.
- No, I didn't.
I was thinking about
how people get restless
in their relationships.
And then I just felt like
I really had to see you.
- Yes?
- I was chatting with Shoji
and he mentioned Tamaru's
sister.
I'd completely forgotten about
her till Shoji reminded me.
- Tamaru from school?
- Yeah, well, I dated her for a
while,
and I was totally in love with
her.
But when I found out
she'd been cheating on me,
I was really hurt.
- Jeez, what's gotten into you?
Lamenting your bittersweet
youth, kinda sad.
- [Kyosuke] You know, I
don't think there's anything
we can do to fix what Shoji's
done.
- What? Don't tell me he's
actually slept with Sachiko.
- Well, for as long as I've
known him,
he's never been the kinda
guy to cheat on a girlfriend,
not even to think about it.
- No, that's impossible.
He couldn't do it.
- I know.
That's what makes me wonder
if this is the real thing.
He might have fallen so
much in love with Sachiko,
he's willing to risk
everything he has with Nana.
If so, there's nothing
we can do.
(Junko gasps)
(wind blowing)
(somber music)
- So what's he gonna do about
Nana?
- I'm not really sure.
I mean, it's not like
something's happened
that would make him stop liking
her.
No matter what he says about
her,
I know he still cares for her a
lot.
- But he's got to do something.
If he carries on like this,
both Nana and Sachiko are gonna
get hurt.
- Yeah, but that's easy for
us to say.
I don't know much about Sachiko,
but I worry how Nana would
cope if she found out.
Maybe she doesn't need
to know what's going on
between Shoji and Sachiko.
This may just be a quick fling
and everything will go
back to how it was before.
- In my experience, it
never happens like that.
- But just think about it for
a sec.
Can you imagine, Nana suddenly
getting dumped by Shoji?
It's a scary prospect.
She'd totally freak out.
(thunder crackles)
- Shoji's covering his tracks
so Nana won't find out, right?!
- Who knows?
All I can say is that this is
really gonna suck, big time.
(Junko whimpers)
(cellphone buzzing)
(cellphone beeps)
- Hello? This is Nana.
Hi, Jun. How are you?
It's been a while. What's up?
(Junko sighs)
- So, Nana, it sounds
like you're still at work.
Is it all right to talk?
- Oh, yeah, it's fine.
We made our deadline, so things
have calmed down a bit here.
- [Junko] Anyway, I got
your text about that concert
your roommate's doing soon.
- Yeah, it's gonna be
happening this Saturday night.
Can you come?
- Yeah.
I think Kyosuke will come
too. How do we get there?
- Why don't the three of us go
together?
- Oh. Just the three of us?
What about Shoji?
- [Nana] He can't make
it. He's got to work.
- Really?
- [Nana] Jun, about Shoji, don't
you think
he's been acting kind of weird
lately?
- [Junko] Like how?!
- [Nana] It's just a feeling.
- Oh, I don't know. I
haven't noticed anything.
- [Nana] It's kinda like
he's been avoiding me.
- [Junko] You're imagining
it. He's just busy.
- [Nana] But what if he's
starting to get sick of me?
- [Junko] Don't forget, you've
been pretty busy yourself,
what, with your job and
everything.
Maybe you need to make
some time to meet with him.
Show him you really care,
and I'm sure it'll change
his feelings for...
I mean, his attitude towards
you.
- Yeah, you're right.
I haven't given him a
lot of attention lately.
I can easily change that.
Thanks, Jun. I'll give
you a call soon, okay?
(cellphone beeps)
Ms. Sakagami, what are you
doing wasting time out here?
Don't you have a lot
of work to do?
(Ms. Sakagami groans)
- Hmm. What am I doing?
I can't believe I'm
actually covering for Shoji.
That's just really screwed up,
but I don't know what else
to do.
- Thanks. Hope to see you
again soon.
(Shoji gasps)
- Hi, Shoji. Surprise!
Sorry for just showing up like
this. I hope you don't mind.
- Hey there, my name's Shin.
I'm the new bass player in the
band.
- Oh, hi.
- Hachi insisted on dragging
us all down here to see you.
So you better hook us up.
- Oh, right, yeah.
I'll see what we've got
available. Hold on a sec.
(Nana 1 chuckles)
- Thank you.
(Shoji whimpers)
- Come right this way.
- Uh, no. I want to sit near the
window.
- Who cares where we sit?
- [Sachiko] I'll be right with
you.
- Wait a second.
Where did Shoji go?
(Sachiko gasps)
- He probably just went
to get us some water.
Come on, sit down. He'll be back
soon.
- [Shinichi] Your boyfriend's
pretty cool, Nana.
He's a man in uniform.
- Yeah, he looks good, but
wait till he opens his mouth.
(ice cubs rattling)
(Nana and Shinichi laughing)
- [Nana] You always say that.
(Nana laughs)
(glass breaks)
- Miss Kawamura, what are you
doing?
- [Sachiko] I'm sorry. I'm so
clumsy.
- [Employee] Wait, don't
pick it up with your hands.
I'll go get a broom.
- [Sachiko] Oh.
(footsteps treading)
- You cut yourself. You okay?
- But this is your
handkerchief. I'm really sorry.
- [Nana] Oh, don't worry about
it.
I'll let you keep it anyway.
- But I-
- We have to stop
that cut from bleeding, so it's
okay.
- I'm sorry.
- Huh?
- [Employee] Why are you crying?
It's just a broken glass. Come
on, get up.
You go out back. I'll clean up
for you.
Sorry for all the trouble.
Thanks for helping.
- No, no, no. That's fine.
Don't worry about it.
- That was nice of you
to go and help, Hachi.
You just went way up in my book.
- Yeah, I used to work at
a family restaurant before,
so I know what it feels like
to do something like that.
It's as if I'm experiencing
it all over again myself.
- Yeah, but I bet you made
mistakes
that were much worse than that.
- Huh? What are saying?
(all laughing)
- I just ran away. Again.
How's hiding in here gonna help?
It's not like I haven't
thought about this happening.
Nana might not realize who
Sachiko is,
but Sachiko's probably figured
it out.
Nana can be so obvious.
Please let Nana be nice
and quiet for once.
(Shoji whimpers)
(Shoji sighs)
I am such a loser. Make myself
sick.
(door opens)
(Sachiko whimpers)
Huh?
(door opens)
(door closes)
(Sachiko crying)
(gentle music)
Sachiko?
- Huh?
Shoji, let's stop this.
She's so sweet and so kind.
She seems like such a great
person.
- [Shoji] What happened between
you two?
- Nothing. I don't even
think she knows who I am.
(Sachiko grunts)
We have to stop before someone
gets hurt.
I'm sorry, Shoji.
If I hadn't been so
determined to win you over,
none of this would've ever
happened.
- It isn't your fault.
- [Sachiko] If we keep seeing
each other,
things are gonna get
totally messed up for you.
- No, that isn't true.
- The thing is, it's gonna
get harder for me too.
No one can be happy in
a situation like this.
Listen to me, Shoji. Take
care of your girlfriend.
(door creaks)
(door closes)
(Shinichi sighs)
- You know, I never realized
how difficult eating would
be with a pierced lip.
- Oh, you poor a little baby.
- I don't understand it, Shin.
It seems like every time we see
you,
you have another part
of your body pierced.
And now, you've got one on your
lip?
Your face was so pretty before.
And won't it be hard to
kiss with that thing on?
- No, I have had any problems so
far.
(both gasping)
- Shin, who the hell have
you been kissing? Nobuo?
- What? I never knew Nobuo was
into
that kinda stuff.
- Is he?
- No, but I thought it
was entirely possible
he might have been.
- Sorry to disappoint
you, but I'm straight.
- So, Shin, are you gonna be
crashing
permanently at Nobuo's?
You know, like become his
roommate?
- Actually, recently,
I haven't been staying
at his place too often.
I didn't want to get
in his way being there
all the time, you know?
- I see. So you've been going
home, then?
- [Shinichi] No.
- Well, then where have you been
staying?
- With all sorts of women.
(both gasping)
A night here, a night there.
I need to be realistic.
Who's gonna give a punk like
me a decent job? No one, right?
So I figure if I can get by
doing this,
I won't have to worry about
earning money at a real job.
It's a pretty easy life
when it all works out.
(both gasping)
- [Nana 2] Shin, you're a total
scammer!
- Why am I a total scammer?
- Going into strange women's
homes, you might get killed.
- Oh, Shin, you're breaking my
heart.
- Nana?
- Huh?
Huh?
Hey, Shoji, where have you been?
We've been waiting for you.
- Nana, have you got any plans
for later?
- No, not yet.
I've got the next four days off
work,
so I can just hang around
here till you're done.
- It's better if you
don't wait here, okay?
Can I meet you at your place
later? I think we need to talk.
- [Nana 1] That night, if
Nana hadn't been there for me,
I think I would've thrown
myself into the Tama River.
I'm sure of that.